# Linked List Sorting Programming Challenge 
## Overview
Write a sorting algorithm which will open the file `input_stream.bin`, load in a linked list which has been serialized, and sort the linked list from lowest to highest. The flag can be printed out using the secondary data fields of the linked list nodes. 

Note: Being able to do this in C is good practice for the interview.

## Instructions
### Reading the Linked List
You have been provided the binary file, `input_stream.bin`. This file contains a linked list which has been serialized (meaning transferred into raw binary data).

Each linked list node takes the following form:
```
| Flink | Value |Length | Flag Piece... |
| 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | ......... |
```

Flink: The pointer to the next node in the list. The flink is given as an offset from the beginning of the binary file.
Value: The value which should be used to sort the linked list.
Length: Size, in bytes, of the Flag Piece
Flag Piece: You will use these bytes to generate the flag once the list is sorted. Note: Flag Pieces are of variable length (see the length parameter to know the number of bytes).

The first node in the linked list will begin at the start of the binary file (offset 0). The last node will have a Flink of 0xFFFF.

### Printing the Flag
The flag is generated by XORing together the Flag Pieces of all of the nodes that fall on an even index in the list. Note that Flag Pieces will have different numbers of bytes, so align the first bytes and zero extend when necessary.

The flag will be represented in ASCII.

Example of a sorted list:
```
 |00|2|5|\x4f\x58\xe4\xa2\x7b
 |11|3|2|\x21\x12
 |19|6|4|\x29\x34\x85\xd9
 |29|9|1|\x69
```

XORing the Flag Pieces from index 0 and 2 yield: "flag{"

## Scoring
As always when preparing your writeup, you will be evaluated based on the following software engineering pillars:

- Correctness (printing the flag)
- Safe from bugs (handles bad input without crashing)
- Easy to understand (commented and inuitive program structure)
- Ready for change (modular implementation)
- Adherence to the [Google C Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html).
