# Array Sorting Programming Challenge 

## Overview
Write a sorting algorithm which will open the file `input_stream.bin`, load in an array which has been serialized, and sort the array from lowest to highest. The flag can be printed out using the secondary data fields of the array elements. 

Note: Those who wish to succeed on the interview should be able to accomplish this in C.

## Instructions
### Reading the Array
You have been provided the binary file, `input_stream.bin`. This file contains an array which has been serialized (meaning transferred into raw binary data).

Each array element takes the following form:
```
| Value |   Flag Piece   |
| 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 |...| 14 |
```

Value: The value which should be used to sort the array.
Flag Piece: You will use these 13-bytes to generate the flag once the array is sorted.

The first piece of the array will begin at the start of the binary file (offset 0).


### Printing the Flag
The flag is generated by XORing together the Flag Pieces of all of the elements that fall on an even index in the array. Please note that Values are meant for sorting, and may or may not correspond with their respective indexes in the array.

The flag will be represented in ASCII.

Example of a sorted array:
```
Index 0: |0|fe7f2ccb8a...|
Index 1: |1|abcdef0123...|
Index 2: |5|98134dacf1...|
```

XORing the Flag Pieces from index 0 and 2 yield: flag{...

## Scoring
As always when preparing your writeup, you will be evaluated based on the following software engineering pillars:

- Correctness (printing the flag)
- Safe from bugs (handles bad input without crashing)
- Easy to understand (commented and inuitive program structure)
- Ready for change (modular implementation)
- Adherence to the [Google C Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html).
